What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A hidden folder named .git is created inside the working
	directory. This is mandatory to start tracking the files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area has modified files manually added by the user. These files
	are not yet in the repository. This area is essential for testing and
	checking whether it's a good or bad decision to commit and/or make a split
	based on logical functionality.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	Adding files and then choosing which ones should be part of the commit
	and which not.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Refactoring, experimenting with new features, testing, etc. Branches keep
	the project fully organized.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Having a visual aid one can directly see the relationship between branches
	and commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	A merged branch contains all the previous commits from both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	Automatic merging saves a lot of time compared to doing merges manually.
	However, is not always possible to do the automatic merging.

	git add
	git commit
	git status
	git diff	Compare the working directory with the staging area
	git diff --staged	Compare the staging area with the repository
	git reset --hard	Undo all changes! No rollback!
	git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>
	git checkout -b new_branch_name	Instead of git branch x and git checkout x
	git merge branch1 branch2	Branch2 get merged into branch1
	git branch -d name	Remove the branch with the specified name
	git show commitId	Show the changes made in this commit compared to
					the previous version. This is working even after merging.
