Final concept map:
https://www.udacity.com/wiki/ud775/concept-map?nocache

When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

	 When I feel comfortable to make my work public, or to have an online backup.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because I want to have control over deciding whether is necessary or not to
	update my local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

	A fork is basically a clone of a repo, but only exists in GitHub.
	A clone is a local copy of an existing local or online repo.
	A branch is a ramification of a project where one can make changes without
	affecting the stable version.

	I'd use a fork whenever I wanted to improve somebody else project without
	affecting it's original work. I'd clone instead of fork whenever I wanted
	to improve the original work, and then pull the changes to the author's
	repo.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It gives you the possibility of working offline. Also, you can check the
    differences between the offline and online version.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I'd share my code in plain files (via usb, dropbox, etc). This would be
    definitely harder to maintain.
    Another option could be working as a group but in the same computer and
    in the same files one at once. Again, this would be harder.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    In order to collaborate with people I'd use branches. This would bring
    flexibility and stability to the master working branch.
    I'd make changes directly to the master if the changes were small enough.

    Commands:

    git remote
    git remote add origin url
    git remote -v
    git remote set-url origin url/ssh
    git push origin master  Push master to remote
    git pull origin master  Get  master from remote
    git pull origin master  = Git fetch origin + git merge master origin/master
    git fetch origin  Get changes from remote local origin/master branch
